---
title: Coding Coach
category: general
created-at: 2019-07-21T12:32:03.857+00:00
---

When I first get started with the software development idea, everything was way more complicated than now. We didn’t have access to so many different resources as we have today.&nbsp;&nbsp;I always had this approach, how can I have the best guitar to learn how to play, how to have the best book to ready about that, and with software development, it was the same, and I asked myself “what's the best programming language to create software?” At that time, I was already fascinated by Linux, and I wanted to write Kernels, and follow Mr. Torvalds steps.&nbsp;&nbsp;I do remember searching for Assembly book when I was maybe 15 years old on the public library, and reading that giant books trying to understand a word about that.&nbsp;&nbsp;It worth it, but took me a lot of time to realize that what I was looking for was something like PHP, and without any support, it was a steep path. There were some technologies like Delphi, but I was the Linux guy (thank god), and I loved the terminal and to live near the processor.&nbsp;&nbsp;I wrote my short story about my beginning, just to spread the world that today is easier to find your path into software development. I’m a mentor on a project called CodingCoach, that basically connects beginners and senior developer. From the project page:&nbsp;&nbsp;`Coding Coach is a free, open-source platform which aims to connect software developers and mentors all over the world. It is built by a group of talented and passionate developers, designers, engineers, and humans who want to make the engineering world a better place to collaborate. This project was born out of a desire to provide a platform to connect mentors and mentees throughout the world at no cost. Coding Coach is created by the people, for the people.`&nbsp;&nbsp;I’m proud to be a mentor, and I believe I’m helping many people with guidance and information.&nbsp;&nbsp;Feel free to join! [https://codingcoach.io/](https://codingcoach.io/)